# 2976. Minimum Cost to Convert String 
You are given two 0-indexed strings `source` and `target`, both of length n and consisting of lowercase English letters. You are also given two 0-indexed character arrays `original` and `changed`, and an integer array cost, where `cost[i]` represents the cost of changing the character original[i] to the character changed[i].  

You start with the string source. In one operation, you can pick a character x from the string and change it to the character y at a cost of z if there exists any index j such that cost[j] == z, original[j] == x, and changed[j] == y.  

Return `the minimum cost to convert the string` source to the string target using any number of operations. If it is impossible to convert source to target, return -1.  

**Note** that there may exist indices i, j such that original[j] == original[i] and changed[j] == changed[i].


## Eample
**Example 1**  
Input: source = "abcd", target = "acbe", original = ["a","b","c","c","e","d"], changed = ["b","c","b","e","b","e"], cost = [2,5,5,1,2,20]  
Output: 28  
Explanation: To convert the string "abcd" to string "acbe":  
- Change value at index 1 from 'b' to 'c' at a cost of 5.  
- Change value at index 2 from 'c' to 'e' at a cost of 1.  
- Change value at index 2 from 'e' to 'b' at a cost of 2.  
- Change value at index 3 from 'd' to 'e' at a cost of 20.  
The total cost incurred is 5 + 1 + 2 + 20 = 28.  
It can be shown that this is the minimum possible cost.

**Example 2**  
Input: source = "aaaa", target = "bbbb", original = ["a","c"], changed = ["c","b"], cost = [1,2]  
Output: 12  
Explanation: To change the character 'a' to 'b' change the character 'a' to 'c' at a cost of 1, followed by changing the character 'c' to 'b' at a cost of 2, for a total cost of 1 + 2 = 3. To change all occurrences of 'a' to 'b', a total cost of 3 * 4 = 12 is incurred.  

**Example 3**  
Input: source = "abcd", target = "abce", original = ["a"], changed = ["e"], cost = [10000]  
Output: -1  
Explanation: It is impossible to convert source to target because the value at index 3 cannot be changed from 'd' to 'e'.  

## 想法
設一個inf二維array 26*26  
將array矩陣更新，array[original][changed] = min(w)  
再用Floyd Warshall演算法找出各點間最短路徑  
再計算ans  

## Code
**Python**  
```ruby
class Solution:
    def minimumCost(self, source: str, target: str, original: List[str], changed: List[str], cost: List[int]) -> int:
        table = [ [inf for _ in range(26)] for _ in range(26) ]

        for i in range(26):
            table[i][i] = 0

        for o, c, w in zip(original, changed, cost):
            u = ord(o) - ord('a')
            v = ord(c) - ord('a')
            table[u][v] = min(table[u][v], w)

        for k in range(26):
            for i in range(26):
                for j in range(26):
                    table[i][j] = min(table[i][j], table[i][k]+table[k][j])
        
        
        ans = 0
        for i in range(len(source)):
            u = ord(source[i]) - ord('a')
            v = ord(target[i]) - ord('a')
            if table[u][v] == inf:
                return -1
            ans += table[u][v]
                

        return ans
```
